c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication9.exe.config
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication9.exe
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication9.pdb
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication9.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication9.Form1.resources
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication9.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication9.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication9.exe
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication9.pdb
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.dll
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.dll
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.2.dll
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.2.dll
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.xml
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.xml
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.2.xml
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.2.xml
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication9.exe.licenses
c:\users\a.schaub\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication9\WindowsFormsApplication9\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication9.Form2.resources
